X turns to Google for ads a risky move
or a smart
one let's find out this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so we're going to
talk about how X formally known as
Twitter has now turned to Google to sell
programmatic ads as it struggles to
regain ad dollar so this piece came from
ad age well Twitter used to partner with
being and it was April 2023 where they
got dropped from uh being and now it is
Google this is an easy way for them to
crank up and just get hundreds of
millions if not billions of dollars in
ad Revenue over time because Google has
the inventory uh and because they have
the inventory they have you know
probably one of the largest advertising
networks out there if not the largest
advertising Network out there because
they're bigger than Facebook from ad
dollars so if they plug in Twitter more
inventory advertisers are happy easier
for them to just you know integrate
campaigns that are pretty Broad and just
uh push it out on Twitter as well look
there's a there's a sub headline here
saying how it's a risky move for for
Google I'm going to stop the share but
it's also risky move because Google has
to hold X accountable for its publisher
standards there's a lot of crazy stuff
that's published sometimes um dude I
don't think it's a risky move from dude
check this out okay yes even if x and
I'm not saying they will but let's
hypothetically say x breaks some
policies and Google get some heat for it
you think compan are going to stop
advertising on Google no it drives too
much revenue it drives such a massive
Roi Google's not going to be impacted
it's just like do you remember everyone
would be like oh let's ban Facebook and
not use social media well Facebook's
still making a killing on ad Revenue it
doesn't matter what people think at the
end of the day businesses can generate
profit from it they're going to keep
spending in most cases I think Neil
correct me if I'm wrong I mean last time
we saw what they were 40 50% down on
their ad Revenue yes yeah so I think
it's it's long term it's probably a good
move for both sides and I I think with
Elon reducing 85% of staff and and
shipping a ton more features I I I think
it's actually going to make X ads more
expensive over time because there's
going to be more people competing for
the inventory there's a lot of hiring
there's a lot of restructuring that's
happening right now based basically it's
just what I said right and so I think
it's going to take some time to see the
fruits of this labor anything else Neil
nope go try advertising on X it's still
cheaper than it was a year ago and we're
seeing still great Roi from it now if
you have any questions leave a comment
below I'm here to answer them and help
you out if you enjoy the video like it
share tell people about it thank you
very much